feat: Instructions for creating a dedicated processing pod (#583)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/190-paas-operations/configuration/116-dedicated-stream-processing-pod.md

---
layout: cluedin
nav_order: 16
parent: Configuration
grand_parent: PaaS operations
permalink: /paas-operations/config/dedicated-stream-processing-pod

> title: Dedicated Stream Processing Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dedicated stream processing pod
```

tags: ["deployment", "kubernetes", "web", "frontend"]
headerIcon: "paas"

> ---
> Provides a dedicated pod which only processes streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
## On this page
{: .no_toc .text-delta }
- TOC
{:toc}

In this article, you'll find instructions for creating a dedicated pod that only processes streams.
```

**Prerequisites**
- Access to your Kubernetes cluster
- Helm installed

> ## Config Map
> Create the following config map, note the important environment variable `CLUEDIN_appSettings__Streams_Processing_Enabled: "true"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Config map
Create the following config map. Note the important environment variable `CLUEDIN_appSettings__Streams_Processing_Enabled: "true"`.
```

  CLUEDIN_appSettings__ClueProcessing_Subscribe_ProcessGlobalMetrics: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__ClueProcessing_Subscribe_SaveEntity: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__ClueProcessing_Subscribe_SendMail: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__ClueProcessing_SubscribeSeperateQueues: "true"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__JobServer_Enabled: "true"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Logging_Targets_Exceptions: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_Accuracy_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_Completeness_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_Connectivity_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_DataClassificationType_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Metrics_Relevance_Enabled: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__SeqUrl: ""
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Streams_ExportShadowEntities: "false"
  CLUEDIN_appSettings__Streams_Processing_Enabled: "true"
metadata:
  labels:
    app: cluedin
    release: cluedin-platform
  name: cluedin-server-processing-streams
  namespace: cluedin
```

## Deployment
Take the current deployment for `cluedin-server-processing` as shown below.

> 1. Change name to `cluedin-server-processing-streams`
> 2. Replace configmap reference `cluedin-server-processing` with `cluedin-server-processing-streams`
> 3. Then deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change name to `cluedin-server-processing-streams`.
2. Replace the config map reference `cluedin-server-processing` with `cluedin-server-processing-streams`
3. Deploy.
```
